[Music]
oh so I'm gonna wait you see that I died
because something big
[Music]
well I don't believe it
and we've got I'd there'd be 60 animals
now we're going to do is figure out how
to get it into the boat without losing
fingers
[Music]
so this is the alligator gar also known
as the GARP Ike it's an absolutely
magnificent creature
take a look into those jaws look at
those teeth now we've got a little bit
of leeway with working with him out of
the water they can actually stay out the
water as much as two hours and still be
okay
you can certainly see when they get
their alligator named from if I hold
that snout up like that and running down
those amazing scales he certainly looks
more like a crocodilian than a fish
wonderful it's only been around for as
much as sixty million years this
actually doesn't just catch fish around
here they'll even come to the surface
and catch birds even squirrels and he
really is ferocious with a set of
measures like that the alligator gar is
definitely going on the deadly 60